docs issue #1170 xsite expose node port (#1172)
infinispan/infinispan-operator: documentation/asciidoc/topics/proc_configuring_sites_automatically.adoc

. Create an `Infinispan` CR for each {brandname} cluster.
. Specify the name of the local site with `spec.service.sites.local.name`.
. Set the value of the `service.sites.local.expose.type` field to either `NodePort` or `LoadBalancer`.
+

> If you expose the cross-site replication service through a node port, you can also configure a port as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you expose the cross-site replication as a `NodePort` service, you can also configure a port as follows:
```
